Implement Silicon Labs EFR32 Wi-SUN support (#22)
CiscoDevNet/csmp-agent-lib: Vendors/Silabs/Readme.md

> <table border="0">

Author: That is the original concept. In this case there isn't any task to do. Am I correct?

> <table border="0">

Reviewer: The current directory name is **Vendors/Silabs** as indicated below
```
REPO_ROOT
└── Vendors/Silabs
    ├── Readme.md
    └── resources
```
A separate **Silabs** directory needs to be created under **REPO_ROOT/Vendors** as indicated below.
```
REPO_ROOT
└── Vendors
    └── Silabs
        ├── Readme.md
        └── resources
```

> <table border="0">

Reviewer: Github rendering was a bit misleading hence was reconfirming - thanks for clarifying!

  <tr>
    <td align="left" valign="middle">
      <h1>Silabs Wi-SUN CSMP Agent Projects</h1>
      <a href="https://www.silabs.com/wireless/wi-sun">

>         <img src="https://docs.silabs.com/dsc-assets/icons/docspace/icon-wisun-blue.svg"  title="Wi-SUN" alt="Wi-SUN Logo" width="100" />

Author: Done.

<table style="border: none; border-collapse: collapse;" align="center">
  <tr>
    <td align="center" valign="middle">
      <h1>Silabs Wi-SUN CSMP Agent Project</h1>
      <a href="https://www.silabs.com/wireless/wi-sun">
        <img src="https://silabs.scene7.com/is/image/siliconlabs/wi-sun-color?$TransparentPNG$"  title="Wi-SUN" alt="Wi-SUN Logo" width="200" />
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center" valign="middle">
      <a href="https://www.silabs.com/wireless/wi-sun">
        <img src="http://pages.silabs.com/rs/634-SLU-379/images/WGX-transparent.png"  title="Silicon Labs Gecko and Wireless Gecko MCUs" alt="EFR32 32-bit Wireless Microcontrollers" width="200"/>
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

# Summary

The Cisco Csmp Agent library and sample application are supported by Silicon Labs Simplicity SDK.

Silicon Labs provide project that allow a Wi-SUN node to connect to FND using the Csmp Agent. The project is hosted on Silicon Labs [SiliconLabs/wisun_applications](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/wisun_applications).

## Requirements

- A running Cisco Field Network Director (FND).

- *[Simplicity Studio v5](https://www.silabs.com/developers/simplicity-studio)*

> - Silicon Labs Simplicity SDK: *[sisdk-2024.6](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/simplicity_sdk/tree/sisdk-2024.6)*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Silicon Labs Simplicity SDK: *[sisdk-2024.6](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/simplicity_sdk/tree/sisdk-2024.6)* or later.
```

> - Silicon Labs Simplicity SDK: *[sisdk-2024.6](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/simplicity_sdk/tree/sisdk-2024.6)* or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Silicon Labs Simplicity SDK: *[sisdk-2024.6](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/simplicity_sdk/tree/sisdk-2024.6)*.
```

- Silicon Labs Linux Border Router *[wisun-br-linux](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/wisun-br-linux/tree/main)*

> - A Wi-SUN node running the project *[wisun_soc_csmp_agent](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/wisun_applications/tree/main/wisun_soc_csmp_agent).*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A Wi-SUN node running the project *[wisun_soc_csmp_agent_skeleton](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/wisun_applications/tree/main/wisun_soc_csmp_agent_skeleton).*
```

- ARM GCC toolchain: *Arm GNU Toolchain 12.2* (Included in Simplicity Studio)

> - python: *>= python3.6*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- python:  *python3.6* or later.
```

``` C
ipv6_prefix = fa23:3d86::/64
```
The last step to have to set a transparent IPv6 proxy is to enable IPv6 forwarding on the host. Open a terminal on your Border Router host and run the following command:

``` C
sysctl net.ipv6.conf.all.forwarding=1
```
### NTP Server

For time synchronization purpose between FND and the Wi-SUN node, we have implemented an NTP client on the *Wi-SUN - SoC CSMP Agent Sample Application*.

The NTP server will be running on the border router host to simplify the demo setup. To install the NTP server and configure it please proceed with the following steps:

Install NTP on the host with following command: 
```
$ sudo apt install ntp
```

Edit the ntp.conf file and set the preferred NTP servers.

```
$ sudo nano /etc/ntp.conf
```

Copy past the following lines to the file.

``` bash
server 0.us.pool.ntp.org
server 1.us.pool.ntp.org
server 2.us.pool.ntp.org
server 3.us.pool.ntp.org
```

Restart the NTP server.

```
$ sudo service ntp restart
```

And finally configure the firewall settings for NTP.
```
$ sudo ufw allow from any to any port 123 proto udp
```

## Silicon Labs projects

> The [wisun_application](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/wisun_applications/tree/main/wisun_soc_csmp_agent) repository includes the Skeleton example that allow building a Silabs Wi-SUN application that supports the CSMP agent. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [wisun_application](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/wisun_applications/tree/main/wisun_soc_csmp_agent_skeleton) repository includes the Skeleton example that allows building a Silicon Labs Wi-SUN application that supports the CSMP agent. 
```

The Skeleton project allows to generate all the EFR32 platform and Wi-SUN dependent source files and configuration to be copied later to the csmp_agent_lib repository and built using the csmp repository system build

### Projects creation

> After creating the project and generating makefile as explained in the project [readme](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/wisun_applications/blob/main/wisun_soc_csmp_agent/Readme.md), the *Wi-SUN - SoC CSMP Agent Skeleton* require to be moved to the CSMP Agent repository. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After creating the project and generating the makefile as explained in the project [readme](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/wisun_applications/blob/main/wisun_soc_csmp_agent/Readme.md), the *Wi-SUN - SoC CSMP Agent Skeleton* requires to be moved to the CSMP Agent repository. 
```

To copy the project to the csmp_agent_lib, right click on the project name in Simplicity Studio and click on **[Browse File Here]**, you will be prompt to the project location, copy all the content under the project folder to the folder **csmp_agent_lib/Vendors/Silabs**.

> After copying the skeleton project to the csmp_agent_lib, run the *make_silabs2cisco.py* script that modifies the project makefile to make sure we have the right GSK path and all the required includes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After copying the skeleton project to the csmp_agent_lib, run the *make_silabs2cisco.py* script that modifies the project makefile to make sure that we have the right Simplicity SDK path and all the required includes.
```

``` Bash
$ python3 csmp_agent_lib/Vendors/Silabs/make_silabs2cisco.py
```

After this step you are ready to move to the project configuration section.

### Projects Configuration

After creating the project you have to configure the CSMP Agent node to connect to FND.
The configuration evolves two defines:
* *CSMP_AGENT_EUI64_ADDRESS* that must contain 16 digits and will need to be set on FND side also. (Refer to the [CSMP Developer Tutorial](../../docs/CSMP%20Developer%20Tutorial%20-%200v11.pdf) section 3.2)
* *CSMP_AGENT_NMS_ADDRESS* Which is the FND global address (Refer to the [CSMP Developer Tutorial](../../docs/CSMP%20Developer%20Tutorial%20-%200v11.pdf) section 3.1 step 10). 

> The two options can be configured on the file *CsmpAgentLib_sample.h* that can be found under **csmp_agent_lib/sample** if you are using the skeleton project and in the project root if you are using the sample application, following is a screen shot of the sample application configuration file in studio.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The two options can be configured on the file *CsmpAgentLib_sample.h* that can be found under **csmp_agent_lib/sample**, following is a screenshot of the two configuration options.
```

![Cisco FND and CSMP agent configuration](resources/02_configure_cisco_fnd_and_agent.png)

### Projects Build and Flash

> If you are using Windows, you can use Git bash to run the commands in this section.

Before building, make sure that you are using the same GNU Arm Embedded Toolchain version in your environment as the one used by Simplicity Studio. 

> To check the Toolchain version that was used to generate your project makefile right click on the project name in studio, click on **Properties** and on the project properties perspective click on **C/C++ Build** and check the version selected in Configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To check the Toolchain version that was used to generate your project makefile, right-click on the project name in Simplicity Studio, click on **Properties**, and on the project properties perspective click on **C/C++ Build** and check the version selected in Configuration.
```

On Git Bash run the following command to check the ARM GCC toolchain installed in your environment:

```bash
$ arm-none-eabi-gcc --version

```

> If it is not the same version as the one used by Simplicity Studio, you can add the path to Simplicity studio Toolchain that can be found under *SiliconLabs\SimplicityStudio\v5\developer\toolchains\gnu_arm* to the *Environment Variables* Path. It is also important that the system variable **ARM_GCC_DIR** is updated to new toolchain path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If it is not the same version as the one used by Simplicity Studio, you can add the path to Simplicity studio Toolchain which can be found under *SiliconLabs\SimplicityStudio\v5\developer\toolchains\gnu_arm*, to the *Environment Variables* Path. It is also important that the system variable **ARM_GCC_DIR** is updated to the new toolchain path.
```
